# Red River Gorge
**Dates**: May 8th-May 15th
**Trip Companions**: Blake Dickson
**Focus**: Climbing, Camping
**Campground**: Natural Bridge State Resort Park

## Planning
## Notes

4/24/2021: This trip went through several renditions. Originally it was a trip with Carrie and friends from Woodstock in late May, but then Carrie bowed out because her boyfriend at the time, Avocado Boy (Tyler) couldn't get the time off of work. I decided I wanted to go anyone and invited Blake and Stev. However, because Stev was anticipating moving at the end of the month, we moved the dates to early May. These dates were then locked in because Blake had to submit a time-off request for his postdoc. However, Stev just backed out anyway because apparently he's moving that weekend after and not at the end of the month like he had originally thought. So, now, it's just Blake and I. 

## Memories
All the 5.7s and 5.8s were like 5.9s and 5.10s due to the holds being chipped off under constant use, haha. We were nervous to start climbing the higher grades, thinking "if these are what the 7s and 8s are like, the 9s and 10s are gonna be *brutal*". But they were so much easier. Next time we should just starting climbing on the 9s and 10s. Maybe even skip the 9s, too. 

Moved camp from Middlefork to my mom's place after one night. Just so convenient to walk down. Plus got to hang out with Boo and Baby. It was nice to see mom and phil again, but my relationship with mom just isn't the same. There's a guardedness on my end, I can tell. A block. A wall. 

Took a break on Thursday to rest. Ended up double the double arch hike over courthouse rock and auxier ridge. Absolutely love that hike. 7 miles in 2 hours and 40 minutes. We were CRUISING. 

Ended up volunteering with Blake to photograph a disabled veterans event on Saturday. It was fun, and I got to use my newly made bosun's seat. 

The guy running the event for catalyst, Huck, definitely started flirting once he realized Blake and I weren't a couple. In front of my parents, haha. I probably flirted back, and why not - flirting is fun and flatting and can be a sport unto itself. Been a while since I've flirted and could probably use the practice. I just thought it was funny that he was not at all mullified by the fact that my parents were there watching. 

Blake and I are a good climbing team, and we complement each other well. I'm glad we became friends. 




